Who let you into my bedroom?
Cut out his tongue for me
Pick off the twisted tendons of the palm of your hand
Throw you to death and feed the dog
Badass, you asked me to return the egg.
You are so nervous about the bedroom
You must have something
Xiaolei, where are you going?
It has nothing to do with you.
Xiaolei
I have sacrificed so much for you since I was a child
How can you talk to me like that?
You did it for yourself.
It's for my own good.
You know best
I go to the evil saint
Let go of your hand
What evil saint
What's in your schoolbag?
Is it money?
Are you going to find sarin?
He made you do it.
No you can't go to him
Can't leave my side
Little sister Xiaolei, I'm sorry, it can't be solved well.
I'm afraid you'll be deceived by others.
be used
Nantong Wang
You were the one who grew up with a group of crab roe?
I know.
I already knew
I'm a wild boar in the dark
It's your shame, Mrs. Ye
You raised my red gold and big gold
Stop trying to control everything about me
Do you understand?
I don't mind making our relationship public
I didn't realize there was a blood on me
millet
Lin Bei
Let me unleash the beast within you